c:\users\sied\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Screening\Screening\obj\Debug\Screening.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\sied\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Screening\Screening\bin\Screening.dll
c:\users\sied\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Screening\Screening\bin\Screening.pdb
c:\users\sied\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Screening\Screening\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\sied\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Screening\Screening\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\sied\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Screening\Screening\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\sied\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Screening\Screening\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\sied\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Screening\Screening\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\sied\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Screening\Screening\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\sied\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Screening\Screening\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\sied\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Screening\Screening\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\sied\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Screening\Screening\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\sied\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Screening\Screening\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\sied\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Screening\Screening\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\sied\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Screening\Screening\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\sied\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Screening\Screening\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\sied\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Screening\Screening\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\sied\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Screening\Screening\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\sied\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Screening\Screening\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\sied\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Screening\Screening\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\sied\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Screening\Screening\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\sied\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Screening\Screening\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\sied\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Screening\Screening\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\sied\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Screening\Screening\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\sied\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Screening\Screening\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\sied\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Screening\Screening\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\sied\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Screening\Screening\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\sied\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Screening\Screening\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\sied\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Screening\Screening\obj\Debug\Screening.dll
c:\users\sied\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Screening\Screening\obj\Debug\Screening.pdb
